This is called intro bitch

Have we learnt to see, or haven’t we? Did we learn to see or it just taught itself to us? Aren’t the ears first to develop natal? I do not remember seeing ‘nothing’, even the darkness before I ever saw anything. A relatively younger set of eyes maybe see their frozen vision gets chiseled into first visual memories for lifetime. We did not choose to remember. Ironically I can choose to believe that every eye is a teacher or student of trade.

I had seen him before, like you have seen yourself in mirror growing through the durations; only the faces fuse together a sense of identity and the rest can fly. I did not remember to seeing him for a very long time. I had seen him before the night he finally lurked into my plain view. I doubt that the first time I ever saw him was in a videogame, being played in a dream; years before I ever knew him. A few days after, his whereabouts started making in to the conversations around his appearance.  spoke  I, myself was descending down a spiral staircase fitted peripherally inside a stairwell, brightly  and he was leering at my neurotic escape instinct, keeping  on my back.

Ghoul, dark, hovering at speed on my tail with his insect like pods...draped in, or more like carrying as his aura, his usual ragged, quaint, black fittings. In this dream, a good jolly time turns into drowning horror as the video gamer’s vision tries to get set on his face behind me. His face oozes so much horror that there is no gamer now anymore in the dream, gamer is done running me around and has left me descending in well, with all the terror that there is. I try to escape from him, instead I escape the dream.

That night of dreaming, I woke up, I don’t know how but with same misty sensation somewhere in my head, of feeling less intelligent. Muffled by a biting fuzziness yet wanting to scream and jump out of the body in dream but upon awaking only left with a realization, ‘Hey, it was just a dream’. ‘That is don’t you think, a nightmare? Time you suffered.’ A very relaxed and abnormally convincing thought sounds, ‘Nothing to worry, just play less intense videogames.’ A surging fear leads to evaluating this logical check against brain damage from jail breaking nightmares. You hug your greater luck, buy misery, and go back to sleep. In the morning it is just a memory.

He was talking to one of my roommates. Roommate usually speaks loudly with fresh acquaintances and has let him into the apartment. I was still awake in my room; my room shared a wall with the living room. In fact, it was late and everyone was either away or sleeping. His voice from my room felt kind of familiar albeit I had never spoken to him. The familiarity from the conversation made me want to go out and greet. I kept listening.

He used to live in the same building, a few; I learned next morning that he went to the same university as we did. That night he was travelling and his roommates has locked him out upon his return.

I did  go outside, once I felt after a long, scattered listening that he has somehow taken his time, ‘is he trying to get noticed or what’. He was trying to stay for the night. 

Mighty diversified people, mostly neighbor, fellow students at the university would show up in the living room looking for a place or party. Mainly because of roommate connections. I did not know any one of them.

I had seen him before in Fairfax, maybe in the hallways at the University, definitely I had seen him around the apartment complex. A few times I had seen him on the university’s buses. I would not have remembered vividly, except for the one time I recall him on the same bus with me, late evening bus from University to the apartments. I can still visually reminisce that bus ride because everyone onboard was comically staring at him. He was standing in the aisle, almost touching shoulders with a white girl next to her, ready to break the ice. I believe she was a foreign student from the UK. The comical tension caused by his flirtatious advances had left the girl looking vulnerable yet she managed a smile.

I stepped out of my room and walked into the kitchen. From the foyer I saw him talking to roommate. ‘It is him!’; I had made up my mind to alienate him, just because it is too late at the night. Also, roommate was not civil enough to make occur courtesy of introducing him, as lodger for the night.

I set to brew myself a coffee and I feel as if I can take opportunity and invite him to it. I was certain he noticed me, ‘someone walked into the kitchen’. I had seen him before in the elevators, standing right behind me with his usual make-goof face; a wizard of working the awkward.

I think I had heard other people from the university speak of him. I don’t think he was popular at the time, just mentioned for uninteresting reasons among people.

Roommate had left him alone in living room for the night. The coffee was seeping into beaker. It was One in the morning. It was cold December night outside, and only sound getting into my ears was from the steaming coffee dripping into beaker. I cemented on not acting on the impulse to invite him to the coffee. I heard him again, muffled flicking of cigarette lighter in the balcony, following slide opening of the balcony door. Before meeting him, I was not a ‘Hey Man!’- broach conversation person.

He had on a black turtleneck, paired with old looking black jeans. I did not noticed his attire the first time that I glanced at him on my way into the kitchen. I tried to peek at his back from the other door in kitchen to find he was busy with phone, looking in the other direction.

On way back to my room from kitchen, walking with cup of coffee I could not stop from turning my head towards the balcony from the hallway, before living room’s wall could completely hide my face from his view. I did not think that he would be already looking at me. That moment felt perfect mainly because just as I tried to sneak a glimpse of, his eyes were trying to get a hold of my countenance, our eyes locked and half of my face was already blocked by the wall. For the first exchange, tacit, I witnessed a very ominous look on his face. I kept my stride, headed to the room, slightly startled by the sight in balcony.

‘Who know what he saw?’

Inside darkened room the thought had me, as I start digging a cigarette for coffee.
